Choosing to revise Java as data engineer as: Most of the currently available platforms for storing and processing data were written in Java and Scala.
  An example of this is Hadoop HDFS, which is also a storage and processing platform for Big Data.
  Opening the door of future deep learning in data engineering as to flow during the initial learning.
  Java is not mostly in Data engineering scope, but its good language generic to be familiar with especially early-on.

Choosing java as generic programmer: Implement refreshed informations regarding Object Oriented Programming, Java language and SOAP.
  Implement this project in Web application to be able the ease of use of it in development companies across developers just using browsers.

Taking different approach regarding developing that the previous built projects (it was described used java-script, did not open source code to avoid ideas conflicts).

Finding and planning for the project: ~10 hours (non-consistent work, as ideas jump to be added anytime) .
  Planning a project require much more mentally intake than coding, but as always right planning made my next coding step a lot easier.
  System should provide next functions:
    1. Manage errors and bugs in development
    2. update issue details, solve issues and update the system.
    3. connect to database to sync.old and new bugs (SQL solution)
    4. add authentication verification.
    5. save reports
  Design phase should contain:
    1. Login/Register with description
    2. Home for options
    3. Profile
    4. Admin (Singleton) phase: Show/Update/Add employeers/bugs/projects/departments
    5. Employeer phase: Show/Update/Add current assigned/added bugs regarding Tester/Coder
    
Approaching web application took extra time for learning to develop web app. with ease of drag-drop features in designing by combining:
  WindowBuilder Plug-in (provided by eclipse) for windows application designing
  with RAP tool to be able to use windowsbuilder by SWT for Web Application.
  Time took: 8 hours process yet unfortunately hit a wall of needing to write HTML (for code and CSS for outline),
  so backed off to normal application to show the features that addable to a Dynamic Web Project

Implementation Project in Java: 10 Hour code work with guidlines for database planning and GUI messages, implementation and specifications of functions.
  fully classified classes for the whole program, connected via Console for now, soon upgrades of database, Maybe adding GUI after finishing Data work.
